feat: rename to nRF Asset Tracker (#51)
NordicSemiconductor/asset-tracker-cloud-docs: docs/aws/Index.rst

.. _index_aws:

AWS cloud components 
#####################

> The AWS cloud components of the :ref:`nRF Asset Tracker <project>` are a reference implementation of a serverless backend for an IoT product developed using `AWS CDK <https://aws.amazon.com/cdk/>`_ in `TypeScript <https://www.typescriptlang.org/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The nRF Asset Tracker provides a reference implementation of a serverless backend for an IoT product via the AWS cloud components.
It is developed using `AWS CDK <https://aws.amazon.com/cdk/>`_ in `TypeScript <https://www.typescriptlang.org/>`_. 
```

Author: There is no such thing as "AWS cloud components".
AWS is a standalone term, and means "Amazon Web Services".
```suggestion
The nRF Asset Tracker provides a reference implementation of a serverless backend for an IoT product using AWS.
It is developed using `AWS CDK <https://aws.amazon.com/cdk/>`_ in `TypeScript <https://www.typescriptlang.org/>`_. 
```
